- KELLY,
WHAT'S WITH THE CAMERAS?
- GUSTAVO WANTS YOU
TO SHOOT SOME VIDEOS
FOR THE FUTURE
BIG TIME RUSH WEBSITE...
- COOL.
- SWEET.
- SO YOUR FUTURE FANS
CAN GET TO KNOW THE REAL YOU.
NOW, GET SHOOTING,
AND GET THE CAMERAS BACK TO ME
IN THE MORNING.
- ALL RIGHT.
- THIS IS JAMES
FROM BIG TIME RUSH.
ENJOY.
- HEY, GUYS, WHAT'S UP?
IT'S CARLOS OF BIG TIME RUSH.
I'M GONNA JUMP THE POOL
ON MY ROCKET SKATES.
CHECK IT OUT.
OKAY, HERE WE GO.
THREE, TWO, ONE.
AUUUUGH!
[upbeat electronic music]
- THIS IS WHAT I CALL
THE HOCKEY PUCK CAM.
- * YOU WANT TO BE FAMOUS *
- * FAMOUS *
- * YOU WANT TO BE THE ONE
WHO'S LIVING THE LIFE *
* YOU WANT TO BE FAMOUS *
- THIS IS THE LOBBY.
OH, AND THOSE ARE THE ELEVATORS.
[laughs]
YOU KNOW.
[all speaking simultaneously]
- HEY, HERE ARE YOUR VIDEOS.
- THERE YOU GO.
- ENJOY.
- * AH, AH, AH-AH, OH *
- AUUUUGH!
- * MAKE IT COUNT,
PLAY IT STRAIGHT *
* DON'T LOOK BACK,
DON'T HESITATE *
- * WHEN YOU GO BIG TIME *
- * WHAT YOU WANT,
WHAT YOU FEEL *
* NEVER QUIT
AND MAKE IT REAL *
- * WHEN YOU ROLL BIG TIME *
- * OH-OH, OH-OH *
- * HEY, HEY *
- * LISTEN TO YOUR HEART NOW *
- * DON'T YOU FEEL THE RUSH *
- * UH-OH, UH-OH *
* UH-OH, UH-OH *
- * OH *
- * GO AND SHAKE IT UP *
* WHATCHA GOTTA LOSE *
* GO AND MAKE YOUR LUCK *
* WITH THE LIFE YOU CHOOSE *
* IF YOU WANT IT ALL,
LAY IT ON THE LINE *
* IT'S THE ONLY LIFE YOU GOT
SO YOU GOT TO LIVE IT BIG TIME *
- BOYS, OUR ALBUM COMES OUT
IN THREE MONTHS,
AND GIVEN
OUR RECENT WEB VIDEO DISASTER,
IT'S TIME FOR PHASE TWO
OF MY GET BIG TIME RUSH
ON THE WEB
SO PEOPLE WILL KNOW ABOUT YOU
AND BUY YOUR ALBUM
IN THREE MONTHS.
- IS THAT PHASE TWO
UNDER THE SHEET?
- GUYS, GET READY,
BECAUSE TODAY BIG TIME RUSH
IS SPENDING
A DAY WITH DEKE.
- HOLLYWOOD'S NUMBER ONE
ENTERTAINMENT MUSIC BLOGGER.
- GUYS, DAK ZEVON WAS A NOBODY,
UNTIL HE SPENT THE DAY
ICE FISHING WITH DEKE.
THEN HE BECAME...
"THE REEL DEAL."
- AND TODAY IT'S BIG TIME RUSH
AT THE FAMOUS PALMWOODS POOL.
[together]
OH, NICE.
- COOL, SO WE JUST HAVE TO
HANG OUT WITH THIS GUY
AND BE THE REAL US.
[laughter]
both: NO.
- I DON'T WANT HIM ANYWHERE NEAR
THE REAL YOU.
YOU'LL JUST KNOCK HIM
INTO THE POOL
OR SLICE OFF HIS ARM
WITH A HOCKEY STICK.
- 'CAUSE THAT'S BAD, RIGHT?
- YES, BECAUSE IF YOU HAVE
A BAD DAY WITH DEKE,
YOUR CAREERS COULD END UP
LIKE TANYON LAVELL'S.
[together]
WHO'S TANYON LAVELL?
both: EXACTLY.
- AND NOW,
I PRESENT TO YOU
MY DAY WITH DEKE BIG TIME
DOG TRAINING PREPARATION TEAM.
[horn wailing]
[gong resounds]
CHANGE THEM.
[together]
AHHHHHH!
- HOGGING
OUR FREE INTERNET AGAIN?
- I'M TRYING TO CREATE A BLOG.
SHOULD I GO POLITICAL PUNDIT,
OR SHOULD I JUST POST PICTURES
OF SMALL ANIMALS WITH BIG HEADS?
- DON'T CARE.
UGH, LOOK AT THOSE GENIUSES.
SHE'LL NEVER MAKE IT
TO THE DOOR.
- SHE'LL MAKE IT
FURTHER THAN HIM.
- CARE TO MAKE A FRIENDLY BET?
- HAH! YOU LOSE.
- THAT DOESN'T MEAN
YOU'RE BETTER THAN ME.
- YEAH, IT DOES.
- BOYS, WE'VE NOT ONLY
RE-CREATED
THE PALMWOODS POOL SETTING
FOR YOUR DAY WITH DEKE.
- WE'VE ALSO RE-CREATED DEKE.
- HE'S SO TINY.
- PLEASE DON'T SAY THAT
WHEN YOU SEE HIM,
BECAUSE IT IS VERY IMPORTANT
WHAT HE THINKS OF YOU.
GOT IT?
[together]
GOT IT.
- NOW,
GOOD LUCK WITH YOUR TRAINING,
MY YOUNG PADAWANS.
IT BEGINS...NOW.
- BOYS, WE'VE ANALYZED EVERY ONE
OF DEKE'S CELEBRITY BLOGS
AND HAVE THE QUESTIONS
HE'S MOST LIKELY TO ASK.
- SO LET'S GET STARTED.
KENDALL, HOW WOULD YOU DESCRIBE
BTR'S MUSIC?
- OH, UM, I'D SAY IT'S GOT
SOME ROCK AND...
[buzzer buzzes]
- TOO LONG.
DEKE WANTS JUICY SOUND BITES
HE CAN SINK HIS BLOG INTO.
- SAY, "BIG TIME RUSH
IS A FUN MIX
OF ROCK, POP,
WITH A DASH OF R&B."
- LOGAN,
IF YOU WEREN'T IN A BAND,
WHAT WOULD YOU BE DOING
RIGHT NOW?
- STUDYING TO BE A DOCTOR.
[buzzer buzzes]
- WRONG.
DEKE IS GONNA THINK
YOU'RE GEEKY.
SAY YOU'D RATHER
BE SNOWBOARDING.
- SNOWBOARDING?
both: SNOWBOARDING.
- OKAY.
- MY LUCKY COMB.
[buzzer buzzes]
- YES.
NO.
[buzzer buzzes]
MAYBE.
- ANTIDISESTABLISHMENTARIANISM.
[buzzer buzzes]
- APATOSAURUS?
- GOLDEN SHOES.
[buzzer buzzes]
- CHEESE STICKS.
- I'M GETTING
A LITTLE FRUSTRATED HERE!
[buzzer buzzes]
- I WAS SEVEN.
I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT I WAS DOING.
[buzzer buzzing repeatedly]
- WOULD YOU STOP IT?
- VIOLENCE.
[buzzer buzzes]
- CARLOS,
VIOLENCE IS NEVER THE ANSWER.
THE CORRECT ANSWER IS SEVEN.
- OH.
- OKAY,
ACCORDING TO THOSE ANSWERS,
WE PREDICT DEKE WILL THINK
YOU'RE SLIGHTLY MORE ADVANCED
THAN CAVEMEN WHO LIKE CORN DOGS.
- AHH!
WE CAN DO BETTER.
- HEY, WE ARE WAY MORE DEVELOPED
THAN CAVEMEN,
CRO-MAGNON EVEN.
- AND WE LIKE HOT DOGS TOO.
- WE'RE JUST FOUR HOCKEY PLAYERS
WHO LOVE SINGING,
AND WE CANT' WAIT FOR PEOPLE
TO HEAR OUR FIRST ALBUM.
[dings]
- CONGRATULATIONS.
DEKE NOW THINKS BIG TIME RUSH
IS FOUR DEDICATED, SMART,
AND FUN-LOVING GUYS
WHO SHARE A PASSION FOR MUSIC.
- AND HE'S LOOKING FORWARD
TO YOUR ALBUM.
[together]
YES!
- SHOULDN'T WE BE HELPING
THE GUYS?
- WE ARE.
WELCOME TO PHASE THREE
OF MY BIG TIME INTERNET BLITZ.
I'M GIVING THE GUYS
SCUTTLEBUTTER ACCOUNTS.
THAT WAY,
THEY CAN TEXT THEIR FANS
WHAT'S THE HAPS,
ONLY THEY WON'T BE POSTING.
IT'LL BE ME,
BECAUSE THEY ARE STUPID.
- PLEASE DON'T DO THAT.
- IT'S EASY.
I SIGNED UP TOO.
YOU JUST SCUTTBUTT FUN FACTS
ABOUT YOURSELF.
"I HATE BRUSSELSPROUTS."
DONE.
- IT'S TWO WORDS:
BRUSSELS SPROUTS.
- ALL RIGHT, DELETE...
DELETE, BACKSPACE,
AND CUT--
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?
- [scoffs]
YOU JUST SENT OUT A SCUTTBUTT
SAYING YOU HATE BRUSSELS,
AS IN THE CAPITAL OF BELGIUM.
- AHHHH!
WHO CARES?
[upbeat accordion music]
- PHTTTHEW!
SACRE BLEU!
THIS RECORD PRODUCER,
HE SAYS HE HATES BRUSSELS.
- [all speaking simultaneously]
- AND NOW FOR A TRUE TEST
OF SKILL,
DOUBLE OR NOTHING.
- IT WAS A FRIENDLY BET.
IT ALREADY IS NOTHING,
AND I'M TRYING TO THINK UP
A BLOG HERE.
- FOLLOW THE BALL.
FOLLOW THE BALL.
WHERE IT GOES,
NOBODY KNOWS.
- MIDDLE.
- WRONG.
WHAT?
- DUDE, YOU SHOULD GET OUT...
NOW.
JUST WALK AWAY.
SERIOUSLY.
- BOYS, SAY HELLO TO BODY
LANGUAGE EXPERT TO THE STARS,
MR. FONG.
- WHAT'S WITH THE BISCUITS?
- NO POINTING!
DEKE WILL THINK
YOU ARE ACCUSING.
OFFER A GENTLE SMILE INSTEAD.
- OW.
- DEKE THINKS YOU ARE SHALLOW
AND ONLY CARE ABOUT APPEARANCES.
- UH, IS THAT BAD?
OUCH!
- OW.
- NEVER CROSS YOUR ARMS!
DEKE WILL THINK
YOU ARE CLOSED TO HIM.
YOU WANT TO BE OPEN.
- OPEN, HEH-HEH-HEH.
- BETTER.
[together]
OHHHH.
- NO SLOUCHING!
AHHHH!
SHOW ME.
DEKE THINKS YOU ARE...
ENGAGED.
HE THINKS YOU ARE...COOL.
ECLECTIC!
SMOKING HOT!
NOW YOU ARE READY
FOR YOUR DAY WITH DEKE.
[together]
OH, YES!
OHHHH!
- WHAT?
FONG IS HUNGRY.
- OHHH.
- BOYS, THIS IS A TEST
YOU CANNOT FAIL.
- YOU NEED TO MAKE THIS A DAY
DEKE WILL NEVER FORGET.
- WHAT HE THINKS IS WHAT IS.
- AND REMEMBER, OUR ALBUM
COMES OUT IN THREE MONTHS,
AND THE WEB IS A POWERFUL TOOL
THAT CAN TAKE BTR
RIGHT TO THE TOP,
AND DEKE IS A POWERFUL MAN.
- SO YOU GUYS ARE
BIG TIME RUSH.
- [laughs]
YOU'RE SO TINY.
[keyboard tapping]
[together]
YEAH, WE'RE BIG TIME RUSH.
- SO HOW WOULD YOU DESCRIBE
BTR'S MUSIC?
- BIG TIME RUSH IS A FUN MIX
OF ROCK, POP,
WITH A DASH OF R&B.
[tapping]
- WHAT WOULD YOU BE DOING
IF YOU WEREN'T IN A POP BAND?
- UM...
SNOWBOARDIN'.
IT'S KIND OF MY THING.
- OH, YES.
- YOU KNOW, HALF-PIPE.
- AND WHO ARE YOU?
- ME?
I'M JAMES.
[tapping]
- I LOVE THE WEB,
WEB, WEB, WEB.
RIGHT NOW
THE BOYS ARE WINNING OVER DEKE,
AND THANKS TO SCUTTLEBUTTER,
I'M GETTING
THE BIG TIME WORD OUT
ALL OVER THE WORLD.
- WHY ARE YOU ON TV?
GUSTAVO ROCQUE
IS BACK IN THE NEWS
FOR SPARKING OUTRAGE
IN BELGIUM.
AFTER POSTING ON SCUTTLEBUTTER
THAT HE HATES BRUSSELS,
BELGIAN AMERICANS
IN L.A.'S LITTLE ANTWERP
ARE BURNING HIS RECORDS
AND BOYCOTTING
HIS LATEST PROJECT:
BIG TIME RUSH.
- AHHHHH!
- OKAY, DONE.
- WAIT, WHAT?
THAT--THAT'S IT?
- "BIG TIME RUSH
IS JUST ANOTHER BAND
"FORCE-FED UPON US
BY THE MUSIC INDUSTRY.
"FROM THE BLOGGER
THAT ONLY WRITES THE TRUTH,
"IT'S CLEAR THEY ARE FULL
OF REHEARSED SOUND BITES,
CHOREOGRAPHED BODY LANGUAGE,
AND NO REAL SUBSTANCE."
- AHH!
- "I SUSPECT THEIR WORDS,
HAIR, WARDROBE,
"AND SINGING IS DONE FOR THEM.
DON'T BUY THEIR ALBUM."
BYE.
- WELL, TRAINING DIDN'T WORK.
- IT'S TIME FOR PLAN B,
AS IN BE OURSELVES.
[together]
COME ON. GET HIM. GET HIM.
- WAIT, DEKE.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WAIT.
WE'RE SORRY.
THAT WASN'T US OUT THERE.
- JUST GIVE US A SECOND CHANCE.
- AND YOU CAN'T LEAVE YET.
IT'S "A DAY WITH DEKE."
- YEAH,
NOT "FIVE MINUTES WITH DEKE."
- MY BLOG SEEKS THE TRUTH,
AND THE TRUTH HERE IS,
YOU'RE NOTHING BUT OVERDRESSED
CORPORATE POTBOTS.
- AHH!
- NOW, I AM GOING BACK TO
THE COFFEE SHOP TO PROOF THIS
AND THEN POST IT TO MY BLOG
AND TELL EVERYONE
THAT BIG TIME RUSH
IS A BIG WASTE OF TIME.
[together]
HEY. JAMES.
WHAT WAS THAT?
- PLAN C?
- OH-OH-OH-OHHH.
- OKAY, WE DISCONNECTED
THE PALMWOODS' WI-FI
SO DEKE CAN'T POST HIS BLOG
FROM HERE.
- EHHH.
- WE ALSO DISCONNECTED
THE CABLE TV, TELEPHONE,
AIR-CONDITIONING,
AND ALL THE GARDEN HOSES...
JUST IN CASE.
[pounding at door]
- YOU CAN'T STOP THE TRUTH.
- LOOK,
IF YOU JUST AGREE TO SPEND
THE REST OF THE DAY WITH US
LIKE YOU PROMISED...
- AND LET US PROVE
WE'RE NOT PHONIES...
both: WE'LL LET YOU OUT.
- OKAY.
- HUH.
- AHH.
AHHHH!
AS SOON AS I GET
INTERNET ACCESS,
YOU GUYS ARE
BIG TIME FINISHED!
- WELL, LET'S LOOK
ON THE BRIGHT SIDE.
THIS IS DEFINITELY A DAY
DEKE WILL NEVER FORGET.
- YUP.
- THE GAME: AIR HOCKEY.
THE RULES:
FIRST ONE TO SCORE WINS...
DOUBLE OR NOTHING.
- DOUBLE OF NOTHING IS NOTHING,
AND WHAT DO YOU THINK
ABOUT A TRAVEL BLOG,
LIKE,
"DON'T STAY AT THE PALMWOODS,
BECAUSE THE MANAGER'S NUTS"?
- WI-FI IS DOWN.
BESIDES,
SOUNDS LIKE SOMEBODY'S SCARED.
[imitates chicken clucking]
- OH, JUST GIVE ME A PADDLE.
[dramatic music]
* *
- SOMETIME TODAY.
[needle scratching on record]
- OKAY.
[dramatic music]
* *
- TED GARCIA
OUTSIDE OF ROCQUE RECORDS,
WHERE BELGIAN PROTESTERS
NUMBERING IN THE DOUBLE DIGITS
ARE STRIKING BACK
AGAINST ANTIBELGIANISM.
- IT WAS A TYPO!
- DON'T WORRY.
BELGIANS TEND
TO GET TIRED QUICKLY,
THEN GO HOME AND MAKE WAFFLES.
- THEY'RE A PEACE-LOVING
AND GENTLE PEOPLE...
- AND NOW JOINING THE PROTEST
IS VERY BUFF AND VIOLENT
HOLLYWOOD ACTION STAR
JEAN-LUC VARN DARN.
both: EXCEPT FOR THAT GUY.
- GUSTAVO,
I AM COMING FOR YOU.
ARGH!
- AUUUUGH!
SEND.
- LOOK,
WE JUST WANT A CHANCE
TO CHANGE THE WAY
YOU THINK ABOUT US.
- FINE, I'LL INTERVIEW YOU
THROUGH THE DOOR.
[together]
YES! WHOO!
- WHAT MADE YOU DECIDE
TO COME TO L.A.?
- UM, WELL,
WE DIDN'T REALLY PLAN ON THIS,
BUT WHEN AMAZING OPPORTUNITIES
COME, YOU HAVE TO--
- COULD SOMEONE ELABORATE
ON THAT?
- SURE, WELL, IT WAS MY DREAM
TO BE A POP STAR,
BUT MY BUDS HELPED ME GET
TO THE AUDITION--
- WHERE DO YOU SEE YOURSELF
IN 20...
- OH, NO!
HIS BATTERY DIED!
WAIT, WAIT.
all: WHAT? WAIT, WHAT?
- HE'S IN THE DUCTS!
- AUUUGH!
- ALL I HAVE TO DO
IS FIND A HARDWIRED COMPUTER
AND EXPOSE THE BIG TIME TRUTH.
- YEAH, WELL, THE TRUTH IS,
WE DO SO SING.
OBSERVE.
all: * C, C, C, C *
- NOT BAD,
BUT I WILL DESTROY YOU.
all: GO, GO, GO, GO!
- I FEEL SO SPINY, AND, MAN,
IT'S HOT IN HERE.
[breathing deeply]
all: DO YOU WANT SOME WATER?
- DO YOU HAVE SPARKLING?
- ONE SECOND.
- HE'S COMING.
- HEY, CATCH.
- THANKS.
AHH, LATER, LOSERS.
all: WHAT? WAIT.
- OHH, AHHHH!
OW!
- SO, UM,
WHAT ARE WE LOOKING AT HERE?
- FALSE IMPRISONMENT,
INVOLUNTARY MANHUNTING.
I WOULD SAY AT LEAST
100 HOURS' COMMUNITY SERVICE.
both: OUCH.
[metal clanging]
- IS HE GOING BACK UP?
- AHHH.
THAT WAS KIND OF FUN.
WHEE!
- WHICH WAY DID HE SLIDE?
- I DON'T KNOW.
WE CAN'T LOSE HIM.
HE THINKS
WE'RE BIG TIME PHONIES.
- OH, HE WENT THAT WAY.
THAT WAY. THAT WAY.
- WHERE ARE YOU,
INTERNET CONNECTION?
JACKPOT.
[grunting]
NOW I LAND IN THE CHAIR,
PLUG IN,
AND BYE-BYE,
BIG TIME PHONIES.
DARN IT!
[all chanting]
- NOW,
ONCE THEY SEE A PHOTO OF YOU
ENJOYING BELGIAN WAFFLES...
- THEY'LL FORGET EVERYTHING,
AND YOU'LL BE A NATIONAL HERO.
- WAIT, AREN'T BELGIAN WAFFLES
SUPPOSED TO BE, YOU KNOW,
REALLY THICK?
- YEAH...
both: AND SO ARE BELGIANS.
[laughter]
[all chanting]
- THESE AREN'T BELGIAN WAFFLES.
THESE ARE
FROZEN TOASTER WAFFLES!
GET HIM!
[all yelling]
- I DECIDED I HATE THE WEB.
- GUSTAVO ROCQUE,
YOU HAVE INSULTED BELGIUM
FOR THE LAST TIME.
- WAIT!
I'LL HOLD THEM OFF.
- RUN!
- GET THEM!
[all yelling]
- LIFE'S FUNNY, YOU KNOW?
ONE DAY
YOU'RE HOCKEY PLAYERS.
THEN YOU'RE A POP BAND.
- THEN BLOGNAPPERS.
- WHY DOES HE THINK
WE'RE PHONIES, HMM?
HE SHOULD LIKE US.
- WHY WOULD HE LIKE US?
BECAUSE I'VE GOT TO BE HONEST:
I DON'T LIKE US RIGHT NOW.
WORSE THAN THAT,
SINCE WHEN DID WE START CARING
ABOUT WHAT PEOPLE THINK
ABOUT US?
IT'S WHAT WE THINK
ABOUT OURSELVES THAT MATTERS.
- I THINK WE MIGHT HAVE LET
THE MARKETERS
PUT WORDS IN OUR MOUTHS.
- I THINK MR. FONG'S BISCUITS
MAY HAVE CAUSED
TEMPORARY INSANITY.
- HO-HO,
FINALLY A TRUE STATEMENT.
- AND DO YOU GUYS REALIZE
WE NEVER EVEN QUESTIONED
THESE OUTFITS?
- I THINK...
WE LOOK GOOD.
- IT'S A LITTLE OVERDONE.
- QUIET, YOU.
- WE ARE NOT FOUR HOCKEY PLAYERS
FROM MINNESOTA ANYMORE.
WE ARE FOUR ANAKINS
WHO WENT TO THE DARK SIDE.
- OW!
[together]
SO WHAT DO WE DO?
- YOU'RE LETTING ME GO?
- COME ON.
- WATCH IT.
EASY.
- YOU'RE GOOD.
- OKAY.
- AND THE TRUTH IS,
WITH OUR ALBUM COMING OUT SOON,
THERE'S A LOT OF PRESSURE,
AND IT KIND OF GOT TO US.
- WE HOPE YOU CAN FORGIVE US.
- AND WE HOPE
YOU DON'T PRESS CHARGES.
- WOW, YOU'VE REALLY GIVEN ME
SOMETHING TO THINK ABOUT...
RIGHT AFTER I POST MY BLOG ABOUT
HOW I WAS LOCKED IN A CLOSET,
TACKLED, CHASED THROUGH DUCTS,
AND TRAPPED IN A GARBAGE CAN.
BYE.
- HEY, YOU NEVER KNOW.
MAYBE HE'LL GET HIT BY A BUS
ON THE WAY TO HIS COFFEE SHOP.
[horn honking,
tires screeching]
[together]
OHHH, SO CLOSE!
- LET'S GO,
TRIPLE OR NOTHING, ANYTHING.
I CAN'T LOSE
TO A TEN-YEAR-OLD GIRL.
- FINE, AND THIS ONE'S
FOR ALL THE MARBLES,
MARBLES REPRESENTING NOTHING,
OF COURSE.
- GOT IT.
- NOW, YOU STAND
IN FRONT OF THIS BUCKET.
I BET THAT I CAN THROW
THESE WATER BALLOONS
INTO THAT BUCKET
AND NOT GET A DROP ON YOU.
- HA!
IMPOSSIBLE.
YOU'RE ON.
OW.
AHA!
I WIN!
WHOO-HOO-HOO!
I WIN. I WIN. I WIN.
YOU LOSE.
YOU DIDN'T EVEN GET ONE BALLOON
IN THE BUCKET.
- I KNOW, BUT THIS MORNING,
I BET A BUNCH OF KIDS 20 BUCKS
THAT I COULD PELT YOU
WITH BALLOONS,
AND YOU'D CHEER.
[cash register dinging]
I'M GONNA USE IT TO FINANCE
MY ADVICE BLOG:
BUSTYOURBUILDINGMANAGER.COM.
- SMART.
SAY, CAN YOU LEND ME $20
TO GET SOME DRY CLEANING?
- KEEP IT.
- WELL, LOOKS LIKE GUSTAVO
HAD A GOOD DAY TOO.
- BOYS,
I HAVE A FEELING
YOUR ALBUM'S NOT GONNA SELL
VERY WELL IN BELGIUM.
[together]
YEAH, ABOUT THE ALBUM...
both: YOUR DAY WITH DEKE!
- GUSTAVO,
BEFORE YOU READ THE BLOG...
both:
SHH. AH-AH-AH.
- "THE BIG TIME TRUTH:
"AFTER LIES ABOUT SNOWBOARDING,
CORPORATE-WRITTEN SOUND BITES,
"AND BEING LOCKED
IN A SUPPLY CLOSET,
"I KNEW WITHIN
MY FIRST FIVE MINUTES
THAT BIG TIME RUSH
WERE BIG TIME PHONIES."
YOU LOCKED HIM
IN A SUPPLY CLOSET?
[together]
YEP.
- [yells]
- "BUT"--HEY--
"THE REST OF MY DAY
WAS LITERALLY...
A BIG TIME RUSH."
- "AND NOT JUST BECAUSE
OF 20-FOOT-HIGH
"HEATING DUCT SLIDES,
GARBAGE CAN RIDES,
AND SPARKLING WATER
DELIVERED UPON REQUEST..."
- "BUT IN DISCOVERING
THAT BIG TIME RUSH
"ARE FOUR DEDICATED, SMART,
AND FUN-LOVING GUYS
WHO SHARE A PASSION
FOR MUSIC AND LIFE."
- "MY DAY WITH BIG TIME RUSH
IS ONE I'LL NEVER FORGET."
- "AND I'M LOOKING FORWARD
TO HEARING THEIR NEW ALBUM."
all: YEAH! YES! WHOO-HOO!
- OKAY, OKAY,
NOW THAT MY DOGS
HAVE CRUSHED PHASE TWO
OF OUR BIG TIME WEB ATTACK,
LET'S GO BACK TO PHASE ONE
AND MAKE SOME WEB VIDEOS
FOR THE BIG TIME RUSH WEBSITE.
- AND THIS TIME,
TRY NOT TO BREAK THE CAMERAS.
[together]
GOT IT.
- HEY, WHAT'S UP, GUYS?
BIG TIME RUSH HERE.
- YEAH,
AND THIS IS WHAT IT'S LIKE
SLIDING DOWN
THE PALMWOODS AIR DUCT.
both: CHECK IT.
all: WHOOOOA!
Captioning by CaptionMax
www.captionmax.com
- * GOT TO GO BIG TIME *
- * MAKE IT WORK,
GET IT RIGHT *
* CHANGE THE WORLD OVERNIGHT *
- * GOT TO DREAM BIG TIME *
- * OH-OH, OH-OH *
- * HEY, HEY *
- * GIVE IT ALL YOU GOT NOW *
- * ISN'T IT A RUSH *
- * UH-OH, UH-OH *
* UH-OH, UH-OH *
- * GO AND SHAKE IT UP *
* WHATCHA GOTTA LOSE *
* GO AND MAKE YOUR LUCK
WITH THE LIFE YOU CHOOSE *
* IF YOU WANT IT ALL,
LAY IT ON THE LINE *
* IT'S THE ONLY LIFE YOU GOT
SO YOU GOTTA LIVE IT BIG TIME *